On October 26th, 2018 I purchased the software assets of Full Moon Software.
Full Moon Software used to be known as Crescent Software.  They produced a line
of excellent development libraries for MS-DOS.  The supported environments were
QuickBASIC 4.x, Microsoft Professional Development System v7.x, and Visual 
Basic for DOS.

The idea behind obtaining these products was to release them to the public
domain to ensure that people could still access these things in the future.
While most developers will have no use for these products in a modern 
develoment environment, they still have value as an example of "how it was 
done" back in the heyday of x86 DOS development. 

The software in this repository hasn't been modified from how I received it 
from Ethan Winer, the original author.  While all the source files carry some 
kind of Copyright notice, the software is now in the public domain.

The original distribution disk files are available here:  Note that no documentation
has been found for this package.

http://annex.retroarchive.org/crescent/index.html

Gene Buckle, October 27th, 2018

I've attached the text from Full Moon Software's catalog description of 
GraphPak Professional below.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
About Crescent Software:
After 20 years as a professional recording engineer and musician, Ethan
Winer founded Crescent Software in 1986, quickly building it to become the
leading provider of add-on products for use with Microsoft compiled BASIC
for DOS. During that time Ethan wrote numerous articles about DOS BASIC and
assembly language for all of the major programming magazines, and also
served as a contributing editor for PC Magazine. Ethan also received
Microsoft's MVP award every year since 1996 for his assistance in the
Microsoft BASIC programming newsgroups. In 1992 Ethan sold Crescent to his
partner Don Malin, and retired in order to pursue his musical interests.
==============================================================================

GRAPHPAK PROFESSIONAL(tm)
=========================

Add Professional-looking Graphs and Charts to Your Programs
-----------------------------------------------------------

GraphPak Professional is a collection of BASIC subroutines for displaying a 
variety of line, bar, and pie charts and graphs from within your own programs. 
The high-level routines provide a simple way to display complete graphs 
quickly, by passing arrays containing the numeric data and list of data 
legends. Low-level subprograms may be accessed directly to draw individual 
bars, lines, text strings, and so forth. Routines are also provided to save 
and load full-screen images in the popular .PCX format, for importing into 
desktop publishing programs. In all, GraphPak Professional lets you create six 
different types of graphs, and all can be drawn using an attractive 3D effect. 
The graph types are Bar, Pie, Line (linear, log, semi-log), High-Low-Close, 
Scatter Plot, and Surface Plot.
     A font editor is included that lets you create and edit custom fonts, as 
well as a tile designer which allows easy creation of interesting and 
attractive background patterns. Tiles are used throughout the GraphPak 
routines to paint the various bars and patterns used in the graphs. By using 
the tile editing program, you can design and specify a variety of hatching 
patterns to be used in your graphs.
     Seven different graphics video screen modes are supported: VGA screens 11 
and 12, EGA screens 9 and 10, CGA screens 1 and 2, and Hercules monochrome. An 
assembly language routine is provided to determine the type of monitor that is 
currently active, and the information it returns helps you select an 
appropriate screen mode. To make this even easier, GraphPak Professional 
includes a routine to initialize the highest resolution screen mode available 
for you automatically. Another subroutine is included to save EGA and VGA 
screens to disk, and yet another lets you print the screens.

THE FULL MOON PHILOSOPHY

As with all our products, full source code is provided at no additional cost, 
so you can see how the routines were designed and even modify them if you 
want. We genuinely want you to understand how our libraries work and be able 
to learn from them. All of our products are reasonably priced and include free 
technical assistance, but they are licensed for use by only one person using 
one computer at a time. Royalty payments are not required when our routines 
are incorporated into your compiled applications. However, you may not 
distribute our source, object, or library files. If your customers need to 
rebuild your program, they will need their own copy of our product(s).

     "Working with the variety of different graphic modes available on PCs is
     not a trivial matter, and GraphPak Professional does an admirable job of
     freeing the programmer from this concern...When it comes to graph types,
     GraphPak Professional covers almost every kind imaginable." --Michael
     Yard, BASICPro, 4/93

THE BOTTOM LINE

GraphPak Professional costs only $79, which represents a substantial savings 
compared to its original price of $149. It works with QuickBASIC 4.x, PDS 7.x, 
and VB/DOS. Add $8 for UPS ground shipping to US addresses only (no P.O. 
boxes); Connecticut residents must add 6.0% sales tax or show proof of tax-
exempt status when ordering. Please call for overnight and foreign shipping 
costs. We accept checks, MasterCard, and VISA. We do accept purchase orders, 
but they must be accompanied by full payment.

Full Moon Software * 34 Cedar Vale Drive * New Milford, CT  06776
Voice: 860-350-8188; Fax: 860-350-6130; e-mail: ethan@ethanwiner.com

GraphPak Professional(tm) is a trademark of Crescent Software, Inc.
